this is an introduction to es3b2
es2e3 digital systems design
so the first thing we need to do to set up our
environment is to go ahead and download the
xilinx vivado tools if you haven't already
you can find these at the xilinx's website
we go through go to download vivado we want
2019.2 and then you can scroll down to a
link that says the xilinx unified installer
2019 windows self-extracting web installer
you may need to create an account
and add any additional information
before you can download hit download and then the
tool will open up an installation process
you can take a look at that so this may take
some time depending on how fast your machine is
while we wait for this to open  it's worth
heading over to a repository i've set up for
the code associated with this lab you can head
to my github repo which should be
https://github.com/Bucknalla/es3b2 and i'll have all of the files
that you need for these projects and any of the
verilog source files and code that we end
up writing specifically for this module
if you want to grab this you can either
click download as a zip or you can
download it using git if you
are familiar with that tool
so now that you've got the installer open you
can go through hit next add your account details
agree to the terms and conditions now what you
want to do is install just the vivado environment
there are other products that xilinx offers
but this lab will focus specifically on vivado
what we want to do is we want
to install the vivado hl webpack
and then what we can do is if we go through
and have a look at the devices so what we
want is we want to install only the 7 series
everything else we can remove to save some space
otherwise you'll be downloading quite a lot of
data so just tick the option for 7 series which
i think is by default selected so you'll need
to have 30 gigs of free space on your machine
now i already have this installed so it'll be
in my C:\Xilinx i recommend
you install it there too it's easier to find and
when i'm referencing things i'll be using it from
there as well at which point you can then go to
next and it will start the installation process